**Context:**
Wilfrid Laurier University’s Learning Skills and Development student resource centre needed a more efficient study space and better accessibility for students that also caters to the needs of the staff. 
  
**My Angle:**
My angle on this is that sometimes the client doesn't know what they want and will ask you to do what they don't need, so you need to research and figure out what really needs to be done. In this case they asked for a poster and make it more noticeable from the outside, but that's not what they needed. After research, we figured out students didn't know about the learning skills and development centre, and they didn't know how to book an appointment. We started off the design process by drawing inspiration by asking those involved as well as creating personas and analyzing every touchpoints. We conducted several focus groups and gathered many surveys to determine the needs through the perspectives of those involved. We also tracked through screen recording the booking process a student without instructions would use to book an appointment. Through the inspiration process, we determined the booking problem was the main issue while other issues could be sorted as well. We then mapped out and designed several low fidelity prototypes to solve the main issue of the booking problem and came up with a kiosk system that students can use to book an appointment, which eliminates the pain of asking a receptionist or other workers to pause their job and help you book. We also created a direct link to the booking process, eliminating several unnecessary touchpoints.